(Playing classical music)
(Indistinct conversations)
Hey. Thank you for coming.
Melissa's so excited.
(Indistinct
conversations continue)
(Music continues)
(Woman) Aah!
(Woman) Oh, my...
(Man) Oh, my god.
(Guests screaming)
Mom, am I fat?
No. You are not fat.
I think I need a nose job.
Excuse me?
Do you see the tip? They
can fix that, you know?
Chloe Kane had hers done.
At 13? A nose job?
Yeah, it'll look great.
Lacey, you're still growing.
Besides, you're
perfect the way you are.
Just give it some time.
That's what every parent says.
Well, in this case, it's
true. You know what?
I feel all better
now. Thank you.
(Doorbell rings)
Gotta go. That's
Cassie. Bye, mom.
(Cell phone rings)
(Sighs)
(Beeps)
Megan hunt.
I'll be right there.
(Indistinct conversations)
(Police radio chatter)
(Camera shutter clicking)
Okay, so tell me
exactly what happened.
I was in my room getting ready,
and then I heard the scream.
And then what happened?
I came running.
You're the father of the bride?
Yes.
Where were you when
Melissa fell off the balcony?
We were... we were
heading downstairs
to join the rest of
the wedding party.
(Indistinct
conversations continue)
(Camera shutter clicks)
Afternoon, Peter.
What have we got?
Bride-to-be took a
header off the balcony.
Could be a suicide.
I hate weddings.
(Indistinct conversations)
(Megan) Nice dress.
(Morris) Not a sight I
ever expected to see.
Who is she?
(Indistinct
conversations continue)
Melissa waxman,
26, schoolteacher.
She came down
a little before 2:00.
Looks like multiple
traumatic injuries
consistent with
a high-level fall,
including massive
closed head trauma.
She's got a compound
fracture to her left leg.
(Camera shutter clicks)
Bag the hands.
Sure.
(Megan) Dani...
Be careful with her.
Why would such a beautiful girl
kill herself on her wedding day?
Who ever said
anything about suicide?
Oh, you think this was staged?
I got a roomful of
suspects in that bridal suite.
My money?
The groom.
This is why I'm
never getting married.
(Indistinct
conversations continue)
(Police radio chatter)
(Indistinct
conversations continue)
(People speaking indistinctly)
(Ethan) Hey.
Do you mind?
Oh, yeah, you can have my cake.
I got a whole one in the fridge.
No, you dumbass. Can't
you see I'm on a diet?
Could you not eat that
heart attack in front of me?
Oh, I'm sorry. (Whispers)
You're on a diet?
I'll just move to a diff...
Um, hey, Dani.
That is not gon' end well.
(Indistinct conversations)
What's up?
Bride just jumped to her
death on her wedding day.
Oh. Wow.
Uh... no, I don't
have a segue for that.
Segue into what?
Would you like to go
out with me Friday night,
uh, to see, uh,
"prom zombies 4"?
Ooh, I'd love to.
Oh, but I have a
date Friday night.
How about a Sunday matinee?
Yeah. That's, uh,
a matinee sounds...
Uh, it's a date.
I mean, it's not a
date. It's a matinee.
But, yeah, that...
Sounds good. (Chuckles)
(Megan) The body is that
of a 65-inch,
115-pound female...
Melissa waxman...
Who appears to be of the
recorded age of 26 years.
Most of her trauma
is on the left side.
Massive blunt
force trauma injuries,
pine needles, bark,
and traces of sap.
(Sighs deeply)
(Camera shutter clicking)
Excuse me?
I'm s... uh, does this
always have to take so long?
Is there something that you
just have to know right now?
Yeah, did she fall,
did she jump, or was she pushed?
A little Patience,
detective, please.
(Clicking continues)
There is trace
under her nails.
Peter, get this
to the lab, please.
Sure.
Neck is hypermobile.
Probable multiple
c-spine fractures.
Also multiple
lacerations and abrasions
with pitch residue
and bark particles.
Probably fractured her neck
when she hit the wedding canopy.
(Morris) I coulda told you that.
What is wrong with him?
I have no idea. Dial
it down, would you?
Fine. I won't say another word.
(Kate) Whoa. Hello.
Oh.
(Click)
(Megan) Wow.
Where is the other one?
(Sam) Hmm. We didn't find
any jewelry on the scene.
I have Melissa's scans.
(Kate) Ah, good.
(Blows air)
(Clears throat)
(Beeps)
Skull fracture,
depressed and linear.
Left cervical spine.
Clavicle.
Compound spiral
tib-fib fracture.
Bud, make yourself useful.
Hand me a wipe. Hmm?
Uh, I could use a little help
over here, too, you know?
(Whispers) Curtis is on a diet.
He's all cranky and needy.
I'm right here,
doofus. I can hear you.
I didn't...
And, yes, I'm friggin' hungry.
(Peter chuckles)
Is that what I think it is?
A girl with a black eye
on her wedding day?
Let's go pay the groom a visit.
S-Stop.
It's all your fault.
Calm down, Leonard...
You son of a
bitch, you killed her!
Take it easy,
Leonard! Calm down!
You killed my daughter!
Oh!
All right, step away, mister...
Mr. Waxman!
(Pants)
(Fabric snaps)
♪♪♪
I don't see any other
signs of domestic abuse.
But there is a transverse scar,
anterior aspect of
the neck at the base.
Possibly thyroidectomy.
Hypopigmented scars
and another transverse
scar, hip to hip.
Our girl's had a
little work done.
Looks like tummy
tuck and liposuction.
Liposuction?
Why didn't I think of that?
Not for me. For
a friend of mine.
She also had, uh,
bilateral breast
augmentation as well.
I have to say, this doctor
did remarkable work.
How do you know that?
I'm just saying.
Check out the scar
at the columella-
labial junction.
You can hardly see it.
Hmm. She had a nose job, too.
(Sighs) Lacey asked for
one of those this morning.
You're kidding.
Mm. I wish.
Why would Leonard
think you killed Melissa?
He's always had it out for me.
He never thought I
was good enough.
Where were you when
Melissa fell from the balcony?
Like I told your partner, I
was in my room getting ready.
Melissa was a
very traditional girl.
She didn't want me to
see her before the wedding.
When was the last
time you did see her?
Last night at the
rehearsal dinner.
You slept in different
rooms? Really?
Like I said, Melissa
was a very traditional girl.
Was it tradition to give
Melissa a black eye?
What black eye?
The one she had to
cover with makeup.
I have no idea what
you're talking about.
How did you get
that cut on your hand?
Ask Leonard.
He killed her.
He killed my baby.
If that bastard had have
never asked her to marry him,
none of this would've happened.
Do you honestly think
your future son-in-law
would've killed your
daughter on their wedding day?
Who else? You tell me.
Can you think of anyone who
would want to hurt Melissa?
Everyone loved Melissa.
Is it possible she
took her own life?
No.
A-Absolutely not.
(Elevator bell dings)
Bowling, seriously?
I mean, you wouldn't
rather go to a movie?
Why not? I think you'd look
cute in those funny shoes.
(Chuckles)
(Laughs)
(Indistinct conversations)
Ooh.
(Indistinct
conversations continue)
(Kate) So what's
your guess about
why she had her
thyroid removed, goiter?
Ah, probably
thyroiditis or cancer.
Bud had to pull the father
of the bride off the groom.
It looks like they got
into it at the hotel bar.
Pardon me, fabio.
That substance you
found under Melissa's nails
was a floral anther,
which doesn't surprise me,
because there were enough
flowers in that bridal suite
to choke a Bumblebee.
In addition to the
small amount of aspirin,
her blood alcohol was .08,
and she had significant levels
of alprazolam in her system.
Antidepressants and alcohol...
That's a deadly combination.
Clearly a nervous bride.
Ethan, have the lab run
thyroid levels on her blood.
First thing in the
morning, call her internist.
Find out why she
had a thyroidectomy.
Okay.
Hey, what is up with you?
Like you don't know.
(Morris) You were
her maid of honor.
You had to notice something.
I think Melissa was
having second thoughts
about the wedding.
Really? Why?
I don't know exactly.
But she wasn't
acting like herself
at the bachelorette Botox party.
(Laughs) The what?
Bachelorette party... Botox,
mani-pedis, and a male stripper.
I've never had a
mani-pedi like that.
Melissa was agitated
and drinking heavily.
Same thing yesterday
at the wedding.
(Inhales)
She even asked me for a Xanax.
Then why did you leave her
alone before the ceremony?
When we put the veil on her,
it ripped.
She came unglued.
She told us all to leave.
So what do you
think set her off?
She never said specifically,
but I know that her
ex-boyfriend is back in town.
I think he still had
feelings for her.
(Sam) Hmm.
Lacey, you haven't
touched your food.
I'm not that hungry.
Listen...
When I was your age, grandma
made me feel like I was fat,
and I wasn't.
There will be no food
issues in this house.
You're still growing.
You need to eat.
All right, try this...
No eating, no computer.
Mom!
(Cell phone rings)
(Cup clanks)
(Ring)
Megan hunt.
Hey, it's Ethan.
Uh, I spoke with
Melissa's doctor.
He said the
thyroidectomy was needed
because of
hashimoto's thyroiditis.
Did he say what he prescribed
to keep her hormones in check?
Levothyroxine. 50
micrograms a day.
But I ran the hormone
levels you requested.
Here's the strange part...
Her t.S.H. Level was sky high.
Well, that means she wasn't
taking her thyroid medicine.
No wonder she was
depressed at her wedding.
(Sighs) Oh, god.
Maybe she jumped.
(Men) ♪ I'm so far out ♪
♪ now my mind is gone ♪
♪ like a satellite ♪
♪ we party on a Saturday night ♪
♪ I'm so far out ♪
Please tell me you're kidding.
Everyone wears clothes
like this. Cute, right?
No, not right.
You do realize the
message you're sending
when you dress like that?
Seriously?
Don't be smart.
Well... (Sighs)
Well, why don't you take
me to your hairdresser?
You want to get a haircut?
No. I want highlights.
You're not dyeing your hair.
Why not? You do.
And I am slave to it.
You're not dressing
like a hooker,
you're not dyeing your hair,
and you're not
getting a nose job.
What is going on with you?
♪ ...i even knew it,
she was out of here ♪
♪ I'm so far out ♪
Maybe Melissa forgot to
take her thyroid medicine
because she was
anxious about the wedding.
And going cold
Turkey has side effects
of irritability and depression.
We're not buying it.
There was no note and
no prior attempts at suicide.
Usually people
who commit suicide
leave some sign
of their intentions.
Plus, we just found out
she had an ex-boyfriend
who had strong feelings for her.
I'm sure he's none to happy
she was marrying someone else.
Yes, people who commit
suicide often signal their intentions.
Not always.
(Peter) And Melissa
was intoxicated
and taking antidepressants.
If you two are so convinced
she committed suicide,
why are you still investigating?
Because I want to know why.
Why what?
Why she did it.
Did Melissa have a
history of depression?
(Leonard) Why?
We're just trying to
understand her state of mind
the day she died.
Well...
Melissa's mother
died when she was 13.
She became depressed
and put on weight.
And she was always shy,
so you can imagine what
her teenage years were like.
Did she see a therapist?
Yeah, through high
school and college.
It wasn't until after she
had her thyroid removed
that things got better.
She was at risk for
the same thyroid cancer
that killed her mother,
but after the surgery, she...
She began to live
life, meet new friends.
That's when she met Zack,
her ex-boyfriend.
If she was happy, then
why all the cosmetic surgery?
Well, she had such strong
feelings for Zack, but, um,
she was just never happy
with the way she looked.
(Leonard) I was against
the plastic surgery.
You know, that's...
(Taps tabletop)
When our relationship
took a turn for the worse.
You know, she said I
didn't understand her,
wanted me to stop telling
her how to live her life.
Our relationship was
strained ever since.
I mean, how would
you feel if your daughter
wanted to change
everything about herself?
Uh, do you know the
name of the plastic surgeon?
Yes, Dr. Sarah Hughes.
When could you
release Melissa to us?
We'd like to...
Bury her the day after tomorrow.
We're flying back to
Miami after the funeral.
We'll try to expedite
the process for you.
Thank you.
Came out here for
a wedding, and...
Instead, I'm gonna be
attending my baby's funeral.
Zack goffman?
Yes.
Detective bud Morris.
This is my partner...
Detective baker.
We're investigating the
death of Melissa waxman.
We understand that
you and Melissa dated
for a couple of years.
Yes, we were...
(Sighs) Very close.
Well, not that close.
She was about to
marry someone else.
Why'd you break up?
I took a job in L.A.
And, uh, the long-distance
thing didn't work out,
so I moved back here, hoping
to pick up where we left off,
and she was already
engaged to Marc.
(Inhales sharply) Ouch.
Not exactly the homecoming
you were expecting, huh?
What do you think?
What do I think?
I think you were pissed...
So pissed, you helped
her off that balcony.
That's what I think.
And I think I'm done
talking with you.
(Door slams)
What is with you?
I'm exhausted.
Jeannie's up all
night, I'm up all night.
Well, stop taking it
out on everybody else.
And lay off the coffee.
You think I'm bitchy now?
Wait till I stop drinking coffee.
(Sighs)
(Ethan) So how's your diet?
Great.
You hungry? Can
we not talk about this?
Sure.
Hey, do you think I'm sexy?
You have got to be kidding me.
Dani's dating Peter.
I mean, what does he have
that I don't have? I don't get it.
Because Peter don't
ask stupid questions like,
"do you think I'm sexy?"
He's confident.
He... he walks up to...
You know what? I don't want
to talk about this anymore.
Fine. Well, can we do this?
Yeah, sure.
So... (Inhales deeply)
Do you think she was pushed
or do you think she jumped?
That's what the dummy's
supposed to tell us,
the trajectory of
her fall. I know.
But considering there's
a chair against the rail,
i'm-a go with she jumped.
Okay, so she stood up like this?
Ethan, get down. Why?
Because I don't want the
wrong dummy going over.
Oh, Curtis. You care.
That is so swe... (gasps)
Don't...
Shut up, you dummy, and
help me with the dummy.
(Chuckles) Okay, come on.
(Laughs) Oh. Ouch.
Put her legs over. Be
careful. She's a lady.
You ready?
(Both) One. Two.
Three.
(Dummy clanks)
Well, how's that,
Mr. Trajectory?
What does that tell you?
That your skinny ass
going down there to get her.
Hey, what's that?
Hmm.
(Peter) Bud has
a point, you know?
We seem to be investigating
the cause of
someone's depression
instead of their death.
It's kind of a little
outside our purview.
What is your point?
Is this about Melissa
or someone else?
(Sighs) Okay.
Yes, my father
didn't leave a note,
and, yes, sometimes
at 3:00 in the morning,
I wake up and...
I wonder why.
What if you find the
answer and you don't like it?
Joke's on me, I guess.
(Door opens)
Sorry to keep you waiting.
You're from the medical
examiner's office?
Yes. I am Dr. Megan hunt.
This is investigator dunlop.
Please.
We're looking into the
death of Melissa waxman.
Oh, god. It was horrible.
You were there?
Yeah, I'd just arrived.
You were invited to her wedding?
Yeah. She was one
of my favorite clients.
I'll bet.
Could you please explain
to me how you could operate
on someone with
such low self-esteem?
You don't know what
you're talking about.
Really? She actually needed
rhinoplasty, abdominoplasty,
liposuction, and
breast augmentation?
I don't appreciate
the suggestion
that I talked her into anything.
Look, this is something
Melissa wanted for years...
A body that felt good to her,
her idea of how she should look.
Her idea or your idea?
Dr. Hunt, I don't
make those decisions.
I leave that up to the
magazines and media.
So you don't think
that she was suicidal?
Far from it.
Look... (Chuckles) Melissa
had a full psych evaluation
when I met her two
and a half years ago,
and until yesterday,
she was a well-adjusted,
stable young woman
with no evidence of
body dysmorphic disorder.
Okay, sorry for the
inconvenience, doctor.
You know, we're not all
the snake oil salesmen
people make us out to be.
We actually try to make people
feel good about themselves.
Dr. Hunt.
Have you ever
considered a face lift?
You're at that age.
(Chuckles)
Why thank you. You first.
One more thing.
Who actually paid
for Melissa's surgery?
I-I know she couldn't afford
it on a teacher's salary.
Her ex-boyfriend Zack.
(Indistinct conversations)
Oh! Gee.
(Speaks indistinctly)
(Sniffs)
(Indistinct
conversations continue)
Seriously, food in the morgue?
(People speaking indistinctly)
Yeah, I know.
So what are you looking at?
These are Melissa's scans.
See this opacity right here?
Yeah.
At first I thought it was
just debris on the film.
But now... (Sighs)
Let's go take a
look at that leg.
Mm.
Ethan, hand me the
small forceps, please.
Mm-hmm.
(Footsteps approach)
What'd you find?
Looks like a metallic
paint chip of some kind.
From the compound fracture?
Yeah.
(Ethan) Wait, wait,
wait. Hold on a second.
We found paint chipping on
the railing of the bridal suite.
I should have a
photograph of that.
Of course you do, Mr. Perfect.
Wait. Melissa's leg
fracture was antemortem.
So she didn't break it from
landing on the wedding canopy.
She broke it because it
got caught in the railing.
That means Melissa didn't jump.
She was pushed.
I read all your e-mails, Zack.
You been trying
to get back together
with Melissa for months.
That must have
really burned you up...
Paying for all those
plastic surgeries,
and then she dumps you.
She didn't dump me. We broke up.
Either way, you certainly
didn't want her marrying Marc.
Of course Marc wasn't
good enough for her.
How could he be?
He didn't love
her the way I did.
He didn't know
He wasn't with her through
all her surgery, I was.
But I loved her the way
she was before her surgery.
Why'd you let her
do that to herself?
Because it's what
she wanted. I just...
I wanted to make her happy.
I think I've got
everything I need.
Thanks for coming by.
Cancel all your
travel plans, though.
(People speaking indistinctly)
Let me ask you something.
How could I have killed Melissa
if I wasn't even
invited to the wedding?
Since when do you need an
invitation to commit murder?
(Indistinct conversations)
Two cheesesteaks with the works.
Hey, listen, I know that
we're supposed to be
going bowling on Friday night,
but a buddy of mine
has tickets on the glass
to the flyers game.
You don't mind, right?
Oh.
What, you're upset?
Well, yeah.
I just thought...
You know what?
Never mind.
You should go.
Are you sure?
Absolutely.
Here are all the photos
from the day of the wedding.
I would like them back as
soon as you're finished, please.
They must be very
difficult for you to look at.
They're all I have left of her.
At least I finally
got to see her
in her wedding dress, though.
(People speaking indistinctly)
She looked so beautiful.
What do you know
about Zack goffman?
(Sighs) Zack was definitely
a sore spot in our relationship.
Melissa was still
friends with him,
so I tried to be understanding,
but he would not
take no for an answer.
How so?
He would send e-mails, flowers.
He even waited for
Melissa in front of her work.
Then about a month ago,
he confronted me
outside my house,
and that's when Melissa
finally had had enough.
She cut off all
contact with him.
(People speaking indistinctly)
Bud.
Congratulations.
It was not a suicide.
Okay, you were right.
(Morris, Peter, and
Sam laugh) Jeez.
Oh, look at Melissa.
She certainly didn't look
depressed at her wedding.
(Sam) Mnh-mnh. I
remember my wedding day.
Knew it was a mistake the
minute I walked down the aisle.
Then why did you
go through with it?
My mother would've killed me.
(Laughs)
Jeannie and I eloped...
Niagara Falls,
carnation bouquet,
baked Alaska, boxed wine.
Okay, so hold on.
Why am I just hearing
about this now?
Well, it's not
like it's a secret.
We just didn't have the money.
Can you imagine what a
wedding like Melissa's costs?
Well, speaking of that,
who actually paid for
Melissa's wedding?
Well, father of the
bride, traditionally.
It's worth looking into, though.
Leonard was
estranged from Melissa,
didn't approve of the wedding.
It'd be salt in the
wound to foot the bill.
So he killed her because
the bill was too high?
(Sam laughs)
Okay, so far, we can't place
anyone in that bridal suite
before the ceremony
except for Melissa.
What about the bridesmaids?
The bridesmaids all
left the suite at 1:30
to go down to the wedding.
We checked with hotel security,
and no one entered the suite
after 1:00 P.M. without a key.
Maybe Melissa let them in.
So in a hotel full of
family and friends,
that doesn't exactly
narrow it down.
Why is it taking so long to get
the elevator surveillance
video from the hotel?
(Sam) Hotel lawyered up.
They're worried about liability.
(Morris) I'll lean on 'em.
Sam... did you say
that everyone got Botox
at that bachelorette party?
(Sam) Mm-hmm.
Care to explain
why you gave Melissa aspirin
right after she had Botox?
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Yes, you do. You're a nurse.
You know that aspirin
inhibits coagulation,
and when you combine
aspirin with Botox injections,
you get a black eye.
You gave Melissa aspirin
right before her ceremony
and you gave Melissa aspirin
at her Botox bachelorette party.
And I thought you and
Melissa were friends.
We were.
Were?
Why'd you want to
ruin her wedding day?
Maybe it didn't end there.
Maybe...
You pushed Melissa
off that balcony.
No, I would never do that.
Sure, I was jealous of her,
but I would never kill her.
You just couldn't stand
that you weren't the
queen bee anymore.
I mean, don't get me wrong.
You're doing the best
with what you have.
But, boy, she changed
her looks, and wow.
You just couldn't measure up.
I met Marc first, okay?
I was at the bar
waiting for Melissa.
He walks up and
starts talking to me.
Then Melissa shows up, and
it's like I don't exist anymore.
All Marc was
interested in was her.
I never wanted to hurt Melissa.
I was just paying her back
for stealing Marc from me.
I don't think
Melissa stole Marc.
I think that Marc chose Melissa.
You couldn't handle it.
Move over and jump in.
(Ethan) Please let me do it.
Ethan, I got it. Would you
just please let me do it?
I'll figure it out, okay?
Just please let me do it.
Ethan.
What are you two up to?
We found a hair
on Melissa's earring.
It doesn't match her hair color,
so we're sending it to the lab.
Fine, but, Curtis, let
Ethan handle it from here.
I want you to finish
the goldberg report.
You're spreading
yourself too thin.
You can't do everything.
(Indistinct conversations)
Let me see those results
as soon as you get 'em.
No, 'cause Kate just told
you to let me handle it, so...
Ethan, you don't want
to mess with me, boy.
I know that's just
the hunger talking!
Mm.
(Door opens)
Lace?
(Door closes)
Hi, mom.
What the hell did you do?
I had my hair colored.
By whom, lady gaga?
By Alice with some
over-the-counter stuff.
Fine, then we can get it out.
What?
You heard me. I said you
could not color your hair.
I'm not changing it,
and you can't make me!
(Door slams)
(Cell phone rings and buzzes)
(Sighs)
(Rings and buzzes)
(Ring)
Megan hunt.
I'm at the hotel.
I finally got 'em
to let me watch
the elevator surveillance video.
Guess what.
Zack lied.
He was here at the wedding.
That son of a bitch killed her.
(Door opens)
You lied to me, Zack.
You were at that wedding.
I lied because I thought
you'd never believe me.
Oh, you got that right,
sunshine. Now sit down.
I said take a seat!
(Sighs)
I went there...
I went there to stop Melissa
from making the
biggest mistake of her life.
Marc didn't love her.
He barely knew her.
He... he fell in love with her
because of how she looked,
not for who she was.
How would you know?
Because love
takes time, detective.
It takes commitment,
Patience, sacrifice.
Melissa was my soul mate.
I went to see her to talk
her out of marrying Marc
one last time.
And she said no one last time.
I did not kill Melissa!
We have you on the
elevator surveillance tapes
going up but not going down.
What, you take the back stairs?
Why would you try to sneak
away unnoticed like that?
Because I saw Melissa's
father getting off the elevator.
You saw Leonard
heading towards the
bridal suite after you left?
Yes.
And I took the stairs because
I didn't want him to see me.
Leonard hated me
because I paid for
Melissa's cosmetic surgeries.
The last time I saw him,
he threatened to kill me.
(Clicks keyboard keys and mouse)
Is that my goldberg report?
Not yet. I'm waiting on
the d.N.A. Results
from the hair we found.
I told you specifically
to let Ethan handle that.
I know, but I got a hunch about...
Curtis, we've been over this.
What are you trying to prove?
Trying to prove? I'm
trying to do a good job.
I've had six callstoday
about that case, all right?
You're trying to do
everything at once
and you're not
finishing anything.
Just file that report.
(Ethan sighs)
(People speaking indistinctly)
(Clatters)
Please don't tell anybody.
I'm not gonna tell anybody.
I mean, it's your diet.
You can quit if you want to.
I know.
Can I sit down?
(People speaking indistinctly)
In med school,
I had this teacher...
This amazing
teacher... Dr. Giorgi,
and she had this sign
above her door that said,
"it's not what you eat.
It's what's eating you."
So what's eating you?
Nothing.
Come on, Curtis.
I'm your friend. I know
something's bothering you.
What is it?
Somet...
(voice breaking) Sometimes...
I feel like I'm not good enough.
Brother,
I have been feeling
the same way lately.
(Sighs)
Have a seat.
How could you people?
My daughter's
funeral is in two hours.
Mr. Waxman, you didn't
tell us that you were
in Melissa's bridal suite
prior to the wedding.
(Sighs)
I-I went to see Melissa to
ask her to call off the wedding,
only I went too far.
Go on.
I thought she
was rushing into it
specifically 'cause
I didn't want her to.
And, um...
I told her Marc
couldn't love her
after knowing her
for such a short time.
And?
I thought she killed herself
because of what I said.
I didn't tell you
because I felt guilty.
Oh, you're guilty of something.
I didn't kill my own
daughter, detective.
Can we talk about a, uh, clause
in your deceased wife's will?
We did a little checking
into your financials.
Apparently, your late wife Anna
left you and your daughter
quite a bit of money.
Now Melissa would've
received hers upon marriage
unless she didn't marry
or you survived her,
and then... You get it all.
Money is a very powerful
motive, Mr. Waxman.
I didn't kill Melissa.
What time did you leave
the bridal suite that day?
It was around quarter to 2:00,
and she was still
very much alive.
(Scoffs)
Yeah, I'm not answering
another question.
So if you're not
gonna arrest me,
I'm gonna go Bury my daughter.
(Door closes)
(Plastic rustling)
Hey, Dani.
Yeah.
Uh... (Exhales)
(People speaking indistinctly)
What's wrong with me?
What?
I mean, I'm smart,
I'm a fashion beast.
(Laughs)
I'm funny, sometimes.
Sure you are.
So what is it?
Is it my loud
socks, my big head?
I'm... I'm too lanky?
'Cause I'm thinking
about working out. I...
Ethan, what are
you talking about?
(Sighs)
Why'd you pick Peter?
Oh, Ethan.
There's nothing wrong
with you. Not a thing.
And if I led you on in any way,
I am truly sorry.
Are we still on for Sunday?
I don't think so. Sorry.
(Footsteps approach)
What you got?
Do you mind?
Curtis.
(Indistinct conversations)
I thought I told
you to finish...
They're a match...
The hair from the earring
and Leonard's epithelials.
Let me see that. (Clicks mouse)
(Ethan) I wonder how
Leonard's going to explain
his hair being on that earring.
A father kills his own
daughter on her wedding day.
Yeah, I didn't see that coming.
Nice work.
Ethan, call bud and Sam.
Tell them we gotta stop
Leonard before he flies to Miami.
Wait. Where is he?
At his daughter's funeral.
(People speaking indistinctly)
Excuse me, detectives.
This is aprivateservice.
(Peter) We're just here
to pay our respects.
And to tie up some loose
ends with your husband.
Oh, I think we've
cooperated enough.
Now please leave.
We can do this at
the station if you like.
Look, it's been a
very difficult week.
I'm sure you can understand.
Can this please wait?
No, it can't.
That is a beautiful flower.
What is it?
Lily of the valley. It
was Melissa's favorite.
Oh.
Dr. Hunt?
(People continue
speaking indistinctly)
(Sam) You said that
you were in the room...
(Lowered voice) Bud, let
me do the talking, okay?
You haven't had the
lightest touch lately.
Yeah, I'm beginning
to sound like you.
(Normal voice) Mr. Waxman.
Yes.
We're very sorry for your loss
and... and any pain that
we may have caused you.
From what I've learned,
Melissa was a wonderful girl,
and... and I think I speak
for both of us in saying that
we will do everything we
can to find out who did this.
Thank you.
Good.
(Curtis) The one on the left
is the anther we found
under Melissa's fingernail.
(Megan sighs) The one the right
is from Lily of the valley.
They're a match.
How's the diet going?
(Elevator bell
dings) Day to day.
Try parenting.
(Chuckles)
Hey. You want to tell
us what's going on?
After I saw
the Lily of the valley
boutonniere on Marc, I went back
to the trace evidence that
we found from Melissa's nails,
which we had thought came
from her handling her bouquet.
However, this is an anther
from the Lily of the valley flower,
and Marc is the only
one in the wedding...
Wearing that flower.
That proves Marc was with
Melissa in the bridal suite
before she died.
Yes.
Marc was wearing a
boutonniere in those photos,
but he was not wearing
one the day I questioned him
at the scene.
You think the boutonniere's
in here, don't you?
(People speaking indistinctly)
(Laughs)
Macadangdang.
I found it.
What is it?
(Morris) What did you find?
Blood. (Sighs)
(Morris) Both Zack and Leonard
went to Melissa to try to
convince her not to marry you,
and they succeeded.
She called your room. The
hotel operator confirms it.
Your room's just down the hall.
That's why you didn't show up
in the elevator surveillance video.
Melissa tried to do
the honorable thing,
and you just couldn't
handle it, could you?
All those people...
So you lost it,
and you shoved
her off the balcony.
That's not true.
We found a floral anther
from your boutonniere
under Melissa's nail.
Lily of the valley.
Same one you're wearing now.
I think that after
you pushed Melissa,
she tried to stop her
fall by holding on to you.
And all she got was
your stupid boutonniere.
We found her blood
on the tip of the pin.
(Sniffles)
(Exhales)
(Inhales deeply)
It was an accident.
I never meant to kill her.
She...
Yes, she tried to
call off the wedding...
And I honestly didn't
know what to say.
It was only when
she tried to hug me
that I pushed her...
Notto hurt her, just
to get away from her.
I was so angry, the last thing
I wanted was to be hugged.
(Sighs)
(Sniffles)
After she went over, I panicked.
I put the chair
against the railing
to make it look like
she had jumped...
(Voice breaking)
And I went downstairs
and blended in with
the wedding party.
(Cries)
That was supposed to be
the happiest day of my life.
(Mutters and cries)
(Beeps and whirs)
(Peter) Ethan.
(Sighs) Yeah.
You want to tell
me what's going on?
Really?
Yeah.
(People speaking indistinctly)
I'm just wondering why,
out of all the girls
you could date,
you had to pick the
one girl that I like.
(People continue
speaking indistinctly)
Wait a second.
You... you like Dani?
Yes. I really like Dani.
But you wouldn't notice
that 'cause you're out chasing
half the tail in Philly.
Oh, come on. You're
being ridiculous.
Am I?
(Beep)
Just do me a favor.
Don't break her heart
like you do all the others.
Okay?
(People continue
speaking indistinctly)
(Sighs deeply)
(People continue
speaking indistinctly)
(Peter) Hey.
I think I've seen enough
balconies for one week.
I promise, I won't jump.
You know, earlier
I got the feeling
that you wanted to
tell me something,
but you wouldn't
or couldn't or...
Or shouldn't.
Why is that?
(Siren wailing)
Because it goes against
everything we agreed upon.
(Chuckles)
I thought you were the girl
who didn't want to be tied down.
(Clicks tongue)
I don't know what
I was thinking.
(Ryan Adams'
"do I wait" playing)
I do.
♪ I've been waiting here ♪
♪ all night ♪
♪ if you're not gonna show ♪
♪ we're not gonna fight ♪
♪ I could stay ♪
♪ forever if I tried ♪
♪ surrounded by things ♪
♪ like a shadow in the light ♪
♪ do I wanna say the things ♪
♪ I say ♪
♪ when I know that
they are wrong? ♪
♪ Do I wait here forever ♪
♪ for you? ♪
Lace.
♪ Did you ask me to? ♪
Can I come in?
I'm sorry.
Maybe you think that
I've been too hard on you,
and I'm not giving you
the freedom that you want.
I understand that.
But something's
going on with you,
and I can't help you if
you don't tell me what it is.
Why do you want to
change the way you look?
What's really going on?
(Crying)
I wasn't invited to
Tommy wirth's party.
That's it?
Mom, don't you understand?
I'm not one of the cool kids.
Oh, pl... they don't
even know what cool is.
(Continues crying)
Lacey.
Why didn't you tell me?
Because cool isn't crying
to your mom about it.
Oh, honey.
Hey, I wasn't cool either.
Look at me now.
(Both laugh)
Baby, you're you.
(Continues crying)
Why would you want
to be anybody but you?
I find you endlessly
fascinating.
(Chuckles)
(Laughs) I do,
even though you
really look like a zebra.
I don't even like this color.
(Sniffles)
I think you're gonna have to
take me to your hairdresser.
Oh, I think you got that right.
(Laughs)
(Sniffles)